{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fswiss\fprq2\fcharset0 Tahoma;}{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
\viewkind4\uc1\pard\qc\b\f0\fs44 SBoT Help\par
\fs20 v0.1a\par
\b0\fs16 RichyT\b\fs20\par
\par
irc.rscheatnet.org #SBoT\par
irc.autorune.org #SBoT (when its back!)\par
\par
\pard\fs28 Okay, lets just go over this. SBoT runs \ul JAVA\ulnone  files. That means, unfortunatly for some, you need a brain. That thing in your head - might have read about them somewhere.\par
\par
Scripts are loaded from /SCRIPTS/ so dont go complain about it not finding them.\par
.JAG and .MEM files are to be loaded from /DATA/ so the first person who says that doesn't work, dies.\par
Compile your scripts by using compile.bat in the /SCRIPTS/ folder. Beware, it compiles all of the scripts, so you may need to edit this if you have a strangly large number of files in there.\par
\par
Why have I made this public?\par
Because being suspended, (yay...), I had nothing to do today! So in the mid-morning, I decided to make something. 10 hours later, here it is, woop-dee-doo.\par
\par
I want to learn some scripting...\par
It's java, follow the commands, leach of others, whatever\par
\par
How do I know what type all the NPC's and Objects are?\par
Right Click > Examine, and it pops up in the DOS box.\par
\par
I've found a bug, what the fuck do I do?\par
Find me on IRC, leave me a PM. Say it once, not twice, or die :)\par
\par
OMFG You stole the HP thing from JewBot!\par
Correction, he stole it from DBoT <--- mine\par
(hi2u GrEg)\par
\par
Christ, you didnt mention \ul anyone\ulnone  who helped you!\par
Look at the bottom, dick wad.\par
\par
I've got something wrong, so I'm going to PM you on IRC a hundred times begging for help.\par
Try me, bitch </3\par
\par
I suck at scripting, teach me!\par
No\par
\par
Script Commands \b0\i\fs16 (in no particular order)\b\i0\fs28\par
\fs18\par
Wait(int time) \b0 Pause's for [time] milliseconds before continuing to the next line.\par
\par
\b Rand(int lower, int upper) \b0 Returns a random integer between lower and upper.\par
\b\par
DisplayMessage(String message, int type) \b0 Displays a message in RS in the bottom, the type refers to the chat tab it goes in. Server messages are 3, so use these for debugging I guess.\par
\par
\b SetFightMode(int style) \b0 Simply sets the fight mode to whatever, 0 = Controlled, 1 = Agressive etc.\par
\par
\b GetFightMode() \b0 Returns the fight mode that its currently set to, the same as above - 0 = Controlled, 1 = Agressive etc.\par
\par
\b Walk(int x, int y) \b0 Walks to the X and Y co-ordinates, will keep repeating every second until you get there.\par
\par
\b Walk(int x, int y, int step) \b0 Walks to the X and Y co-ordinates, will keep repeating every [step] milliseconds until you get there.\par
\par
\b WalkNoWait(int x, int y)\b0  Walks to the X and Y co-ordinates, doesn't repeat at all, continues to the next command straight away.\par
\par
\b WalkEmpty(int x1, int y1, int x2, int y2)\b0  I think this one's kinda sexy, it choses a random tile within the box (x1, y1 = lowest. x2, y2 = highest) that doesn't have a player or NPC in the way, or an object that you cannot walk upon. (Repeats every second until you arrive)\par
\par
\b WalkToEmptyNoWait(int x1, int y1, int x2, int y2) \b0 Same as the above, but doesn't repeat itsself.\par
\b\par
EmptyTile(int x, int y)\b0  Returns as true if the tile is empty, false if there is something blocking it.\par
\par
\b GetX() \b0 Returns your X co-ordinate.\par
\par
\b GetY() \b0 Returns your Y co-ordinate.\par
\par
\b MagicPlayer(int player, int spell)\b0  Casts the [spell] on [player]\par
\par
\b UseOnPlayer(int player, int item) \b0 Uses the item in slot [item] on [player]\par
\par
\b AttackPlayer(int player) \b0 Attacks [player]\par
\par
\b DuelPlayer(int player) \b0 Sends a duel request to [player]\par
\par
\b TradePlayer(int player) \b0 Sends a trade request to [player]\par
\par
\b FollowPlayer(int player) \b0 Follows [player]\par
\par
\b MagicItem(int x, int y, int type, int spell) \b0 Casts [spell] on the [type] at X, Y\par
\par
\b UseOnItem(int x, int y, int type, int item) \b0 Uses the item in slot [item] on the [type] at X, Y\par
\par
\b TakeItem(int x, int y, int type) \b0 Takes the [type] at X, Y\par
\par
\b MagicNPC(int id, int spell) \b0 Casts [spell] on [id]\par
\par
\b UseOnNPC(int id, int item) \b0 Uses the item in slot [item] on [id]\par
\par
\b TalkToNPC(int id) \b0 Talks to [id]\par
\par
\b AttackNPC(int id) \b0 Attacks [id]\par
\par
\b ThieveNPC(int id) \b0 Attacks [id]\par
\par
\b CastOnDoor(int x, int y, int dir, int spell) \b0 Casts [spell] on the door at X, Y facing [dir]\par
\par
\b UseOnDoor(int x, int y, int dir, int item) \b0 Uses the item in slot [item] on the door at X, Y facing [dir]\par
\par
\b CloseDoor(int x, int y, int dir) \b0 Closes the door at X, Y facing [dir] NB: Use this for picking locks\par
\par
\b ObjectAt(int x, int y) \b0 Returns the object type at X, Y\par
\par
\b AtObject(int x, int y) \b0 'Uses' the object at X, Y\par
\par
\b AtObject2(int x, int y) \b0 'Uses' the alternative option for the object at X, Y\par
\par
\b MagicObject(int x, int y, int spell) \b0 Casts [spell] on the object at X, Y\par
\par
\b UseOnObject(int x, int y, int item) \b0 Uses the item in slot [item] on the object at X, Y\par
\par
\b Magic(int spell) \b0 Casts [spell]\par
\par
\b QuestMenu() \b0 Returns true if the quest menu is visible, false if not\par
\par
\b Answer(int answer) \b0 Sends a reply for the quest menu, 0 is the first option - not 1\par
\par
\b MagicInventory(int slot, int spell) \b0 Casts [spell] on the item in slot [slot]\par
\par
\b UseWithInventory(int slot1, int slot2)\b0  Uses the item at [slot1] with the one at [slot2]\par
\par
\b Remove(int slot) \b0 Remove's the item in [slot]\par
\par
\b Wield(int slot) \b0 Wield's the item in [slot]\par
\b\par
Use(int slot) \b0 Uses the item in [slot]\par
\par
\b Drop(int slot) \b0 Drops the item in [slot]\par
\par
\b Deposit(int type, int amount) \b0 Deposits [amount] of [type] NB: Must be 1, 5, 25, 50, 100, 2500\par
\par
\b Withdraw(int type, int amount) \b0 Withdraws [amount] of [type] NB: Must be 1, 5, 25, 50, 100, 2500\par
\par
\b InvCount(int type) \b0 Returns the amount of [type] in your inventory\par
\par
\b InvCount() \b0 Returns the number of items in your inventory\par
\par
\b Logout() \b0 Guess, smartass\par
\par
\b int[] GetNearestObject(int type) \b0 Returns the coordinates of the nearest object of [type] in an array.\par
\par
\b int[] GetNearestObject(int type[]) \b0 Returns the coordinates of the nearest object of [type[]] in an array. NB: [type] must be an array itsself\par
\par
\b GetNearestNPC(int type) \b0 Returns the ID of the nearest NPC of [type]\par
\par
\b GetNearestNPC(int type[]) \b0 Returns the ID of the nearest NPC of [type[]] NB@ [type] must be an array itsself\par
\par
\b CloseShop() \b0 Closes the shop\par
\b\par
CloseBank() \b0 Closes the bank...\par
\par
\b Buy(int item) \b0 Buys an [item] from the shop\par
\par
\b Sell(int item) \b0 Sells an [item] in the shop\par
\par
\b Bank() \b0 Returns true if the bank is visible, false if not\par
\par
\b PlayerByName(String name) \b0 Returns the player ID of the player called [name]\par
\par
\b GetCurrentStat(int statno) \b0 Returns the current stat of the player, starting at 0 for Attack, 1 for Defence, 2 for Strength, 3 for Hits etc.\par
\par
\b GetStat(int statno) \b0 Returns the stat of the player, starting at 0 for Attack, 1 for Defence, 2 for Strength, 3 for Hits etc.\par
\par
\b PlayerHP(int id) \b0 Try's to return the player [id]'s max HP, will return -1 if it cannot be found\par
\par
\b PlayerDestX(int id) \b0 Guess's the player [id]'s destination X coordinate\par
\par
\b PlayerDestY(int id) \b0 Guess's the player [id]'s destination Y coordinate\par
\par
\b PlayerX(int id) \b0 Returns the player [id]'s X coordinate\par
\par
\b PlayerY(int id)\b0  Returns the player [id]'s Y coordinate\par
\par
\b LastServerMessage() \b0 Returns the last server message\par
\par
\b ResetLastServerMessage() \b0 Resets the last server message\par
\par
\b WaitForServerMessage(int timeout) \b0 Waits for a server message, and timesout after [timeout]\par
\par
\b InLastServerMessage(String st) \b0 Returns true if [st] is in the last server message\par
\par
\b FindInv(int type) \b0 Returns the position of the first [type]\par
\par
\par
\b\fs32 Shouts:\par
\fs20 I'd like to say a quick moo to all these people: that helped me in one way or another ;)\b0\fs24\par
\f1\fs20 saevion: for some reason, very strange decision to the others, he decided that I wasn't actually a nooby moron at the start - back in the old www.richyt.com days. He first got me 'into' java, and let me thieve a near-deobfuscated mudclient18(1?) He also introduced me to Sean, who I'll go onto rape later on.\par
\par
Sean: After I bugged saevion for a bit, he decided that I was better to ask Sean, who at first seemed like a nice guy. He didn't know me, but still he trusted me with some of his shiz, and his brains. He let me in on a sucky RS2 bot he made, and unknowingly, by answering the odd question, taught me java ;). Then he quit RS, gave me SITE - which I apparantly copied :D\par
\par
eP: eP sent me SITE, thats how I got him on my MSN list. hi2u eP\par
\par
The rest dont have long explanations, cos im getting bored. So, meh.\par
\par
Oblivion: Always there for some <3\par
\par
GBoS: Pure unadulerated <3\par
\par
&AutoRune: damn, what a great bot!\par
\par
Josh/APD/RaW/*: He scams, he keylogs, he bans for no reason, he's hated by millions, he's rich, he's crazy, but until he scams me, I dont give a shit. <3\par
\par
PR4Y: Didnt miss you this time <3\par
\par
ahp[away]: He's always [away], but secretly he's there. We all know that. <3\par
\par
ScarMeist3r: Loves to help out, has crazy idea's and learn shit quick :P One of the very few that I trusted to have TBoT, even though it wasn't briliant :D\par
\par
Sal: <3\par
\par
evo: Talked to you about once, telling you something that made me look stupid. Meh, we all know you're uber l33t <3\par
\par
Subanark: same as above, but <3\par
\par
Kaitnieks: You made AutoRune, which is now in #autorune - which I am pwning on WhatPulse btw, so even though you've blocked me. <3\par
\par
To everyone else I missed:\line Shit, sorry :)\par
}
 